yes I followed her amazing career from
New Delhi to New York from the Congo to
Congress she's everything a woman should
be the hottest piece of news in action
this camera ever caught
I think the housewife has been getting
it in the neck long enough yes in
politics she's all business in society
she's all dignity but in her college
class reunion oh she's all woman
yes it's Joan Crawford as a right
honorable honey trying to keep her
school day past from catching up with
her political future Robert Young a
college president who has a lot to learn
about women
Frank Lovejoy covering things for life
love and the pursuit of Joan Eve Arden a
secretary who doesn't let her left hand
know what her shorthand is writing and
from the cover of Life two exciting
screen life a new star lovely Janice
rule now what's got into you sweetheart
don't try to understand it just relax
and enjoy I don't expect you to fall
into my arms I wouldn't even catch you
if you did it I found out one thing this
weekend I don't like women you don't get
expelled for staying out all night
misses a man
hey you see you learn all kinds of cute
tricks in my work you realize of course
is candlelit in your career too
I'm perfectly willing to take that
chance you just can't take it can you
met that he could be more exciting more
desirable than you that's right
I'm as vain as the next guy since you've
gone in for collecting memories his
alone
you